---
layout: post
title: TDD
date: 2019-08-22
---

Collen Maphike

# What is TDD?
 
 Is a software development process that relies on the repetition of a very short development cycle: requirements are turned into very specific **test cases,** then the software is improved so that the tests pass. This is opposed to software development that allows software to be added that is not proven to meet requirements.
 An American software engineer **Kent Beck,** who is credited with having developed or "rediscovered the technique, stated in 2003 that TDD encourages simple designs and inspires confidence.

 Test-driven development is related to the test-first programming concepts of **extreme programming**. begun in 1999, but more recently has created more general interest in its own right.

 ## Test-driven development cycle

 *Add a test*
 In test-driven development, each new feature begins with writing a test. Write a test that defines a function or improvements of a function, which should be very succinct. To write a test, the developer must clearly understand the feature's specification and requirements. The developer can accomplish this through **use cases** and **user stories** to cover the requirements and exception conditions, and can write the test in whatever testing framework is appropriate ot the software environment. It could be a modified version of an existing test. This is a differentiating feature of test-driven development versus writing unit tests after the **code** is written: it makes the developer focus on the requirements before writing the code, a subtle but important difference.

 *Run all tests and see if the new test fails*
 This validates that the **test harness** is working correctly, shows that the new test does not pass without requiring new code because the required behavior already exists, and it rules out the possibility that the new test is flawed and will always pass. The new test should fail for the expected reason. This step increased the developer's confidence in the new test.
 
 *Write the code*
 The next step is to write some code that causes the test to pass. The new code at this stage is not perfect and may, pass the test in an inelegent way. That is acceptable because it will be improved and honed in Step 5. At this point the only perpose of the written code is to pass the test. The programmer must not write code that is beyond the functionality that the test checks.