---
layout: post 
title: API's
date: 2019-08-05
---

Collen Maphike

# What is an API?

An *application programming interface* (API) is a set of subroutine definitons, communication protocols, and tools for building software. An API makes it easier to develop a computer program by providing all the building blocks, which are then put together by the programmer. An API may be a web based system, operating system, data base system, computer hardware, or software library.

## It's purpose

In building applications, an API simplifies programming by abstracting the underlying implementation and only exposing objects or actions the developer needs. While graphical interface for an email client might provide a user with a button that performs all the steps for fetching and highlighting new emails, an API for file input/output might give the developer a function that copies a file from one location to another without requiring that the developer understand the file system operations occuring behind the scenes.

### Remote API's

Remote API's allows developers to manipulate remote resources through protocols, specific standards for communication that allow different technologies to work together, regardless of language or platform. For example, the Java Database Connecivity API allows developers to quer many different types of databases with the same set of functions that operate remotely, but appear local to the developer.
Therefore, remote API's are useful in maintaining the object abstraction in objected-oriented programming; a method call, executed locally on a proxy object.

#### Web API's

Web API's are the defined interfaces through which iteractions happen between an enterprise and applications that uses its asserts. An API approach is an architectural approach that evolves around providing a program interface to a set of services to different applications serving different types of consumers.