---
layout: post
title: CRUD with MERN
date: 2020-09-11
---

Collen Maphike



# CRUD

(Create Read Update Delete) are the four basic functions of a persistent storage. I figured I hadn't written a blog post on this yet and it's been quite some time since I've been practising them. The part/s I'd like to focus on is the "U" and the "R" from the CRUD, past friday we had a test which required the implementing of only "CRU" from "CRUD" and it didn't go as expceted. The first mistake was doubt, I doubted myself when it came to the update function.. I can't say I had it write but because of the pressure and little time I couldn't mess it up so decided to settle it here on the blog.

router.get('/students', async (req, res) => {
    try {
      const students = await StudentsModel.find();
      res.send(students)
    } catch (e) {
      console.log(e)
    }
  })

This up here is the peace of code I remember writing and deleting before I could even test it, as it turned a few moments after the test it was the correct code needed there. All in all I let pressure have the best in me and for that I'm never doubting myself again.

## MERN

(Mongodb Express React Node) are the four key tecknologies that make up a stack. I've been practising MERN for quite some time without having an idea of what it meant or if it ever had existed, But it lives right here on my machine and most the tests I wrote were based on the MERN stack. MERN was never a problem for me this week but I've been practicing ways on how to improve my MERN stack.