---
layout: post
title: My week
date: 2020-10-16
---

Collen Maphike

# What I've been working on

I was working on a client project know as Brighter Futures for nearly three weeks now. And to be quite frank I've learnt a lot during this past three weeks. I remember I didn't even know how sql queries looked like nor what they did but after working on a project which requires them I had to go an extra mile and learn on different sql queries the likes of INSERT, DELETE, SELECT and UPDATE 

Having to work on a Microsoft SQL database was an uphill climb for due to the fact that I had familiarised myself with MongoDB for building small applications, It payed off just fine because now I can manage SQL databases with queries like I've been doing them for eons. 

## The challenges I've heard

Time was my first challenge, the clients would set us a deadline and I'd make sure that before that deadline hits I'm done with work, as you can sense there is a "but" coming. But working under a short time-frame introduces a lot bugs in ones codebase and due to those bugs the deadline had to be moved. 
The other challenge was confusion between the clients. We were to talk with different people on different occassions and most of the time the other would say that we do this and the other would suggest the opposite. I'd do what this client wants and the other client would make me remove whatever I've done and redo it the way they see fit. As you know the customer is always right

### How I overcame those challenges

I'd had develop another sense of humor which I thought I had, only to find out it's not with me anymore. The sense of saying "NO" to unrealistic deadlines and unclear statements. I had to be honest with the clients about the their requirements and the time they were setting and as you've guessed it was a hard pill to swallow for them. It also gave me advantage over pressure because I could double-check my work on time and fix what needs to fixed in time .