---
layout: post
title: Kasi Auth
date: 2020-07-17
---

Collen Maphike

# Implementing a server

Server implementation was a more of a walk in a park this time. Like wise repeatation is the mother of all learning. I installed the necessarry dependencies, the likes of express, border-parser and many more in my packgage json file.

Then creating the routes to which I wanted to redirect to which was a bit tricky but I managed to get around it without wasting more time than I would usually. Setting up the server.js file was hard but with the help of a documentation I found on google It's staying in my mind. Boxed in and locked in..

## Setting up a view engine

Today I was setting up the view engine, well "View engine" wasn't a new concept to me for I had done in freecode camp just this week. I used pug on freecode camp but for some reasons I din't like pug because there code was already written for me and I had to try something new.. Something I could write code myself and test my knowledge in view engines.

During my research on view engines I stumbled upon EJS which looked more fun to work with and I took it without a second thought. 

### What exactly is EJS?

"EJS is a simple templating language that lets you generate HTML markup with plain JavaScript. No religiousness about how to organize things. No reinvention of iteration and control-flow. It's just plain JavaScript." - Embedded JavaScript templates.

EJS is user friendly and strait forward, Install ejs as a dependency, require it on your app.js file and require express-ejs-layouts. Then create a views folder with your files ending with ".ejs". From there it's up and running. It is much more fun to use and I'm looking forward to using it on my future applicatons.
