---
layout: post,
title: Heroku,
date: 2020-11-13
---

Collen Maphike

# Heroku

Surprise I'm writing about heroku, Well the main reason is that we were told to face our fears as children and today I've finally faced mine as a young adult... "HEROKU!"
It wasn't an easy victory, for day's the idea of deploying scared me away, it sounded like a vicious unforgiving topic but it turns out it is a matter of twiks there and there.

#### What exactly is this heroku?

Heroku is a container-based cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS). Developers use Heroku to deploy, manage, and scale modern apps. Our platform is elegant, flexible, and easy to use, offering developers the simplest path to getting their apps to market. "***heroku.com***"

What adds the cherry on top is that one can even deploy their entire database even though the space is limited but it is amazing right? It took me about three full days to finally come face to face with deploying. I mean I kept on finding reasons in my head to procrastinate deploying, I would look for bugs to fix which is helpful, but then I sticked to this idea that I wanna deploy a full working project with design and effeciency but what I was missing was time wasn't on my side.

At the end of the day there I had a fully working app as effecient as I could get it but with no way for users to access it because I couldn't face my fears.. I watched a few videos which were a bit off the charts.. Read the docs till I could make sense of what implied and there I was skipping around like a little baby filled with adrenaline, Nevertheless it was an awesome challenge and with that out of the way I can call myself a javascript full stack deverloper yey ! :)

